Hi guys
I'll show you now how
use the right thermo-vinyl
is the vinyl that we use in fabric
First I cut into mine.
clicking which you can use by clicking
help at
That's right, the image I wanted to
mirror shape is obeying
blade pressure specification
It 's important to see how new it is.
do not cut that plastic coming behind you
that show you're seeing has this
plastic and even vinyl that will stick on the
in the fabric
Okay, so I cut the image and I'm going to take it.
now the rest of the vinyl
so stay put if you notice that you did not cut
Plastic cut only vinyl tanak
field usually we use the pressure
two number two
That's what I 'm going to do.
mirrored because it will stay when I
put on the shirt will stay the way
correct
Okay, I'll put it on the shirt.
where I want to apply get hot iron
and put on top by not pressing
may be scraping too much for the
plastic does not leave the place other than vinyl
It will be very good, Radu.
It has to get hot, okay?
and then take the plastic if you see that
did not leave fully warms up one more
little
I did not take the plastic was the vinyl already
patterned on the fabric is really cool you
you can use the images you want
I hope you have enjoyed any
Can you contact me?
thank you